dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_LargeConstants.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-731b.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_05_globalScope.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_security protocol_nsl.dfy
llm-verified-eval_tmp_tmpd2deqn_i_dafny_4.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_project02-sharded-kv-store_MessageType.v.dfy
libraries-without-variance_tmp_tmpnnz08zi4_src_NonlinearArithmetic_Internals_DivInternalsNonlinear.dfy
Dafny-Exercises_tmp_tmpjm75muf__Session1Exercises_ExerciseSpecifications.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironclad-apps_src_Dafny_Libraries_Math_power.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_exports_ExportInductivePredicate.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_soma.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_07_if_while.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug142.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_concurrency_old_scache_DiskIO.s.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny0_PrintUTF8.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny3_EWD-1062.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_coisa.dfy
Invoker_tmp_tmpypx0gs8x_dafny_abstract-interpreter_BoundedInts.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_demos_dafny-internals_02-triggers_triggers1.dfy
Simulink-To_dafny_tmp_tmpbcuesj2t_Dafny_temperature_control.dfy
llm-verified-eval_tmp_tmpd2deqn_i_dafny_159.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_seqs.dfy
dafny-duck_tmp_tmplawbgxjo_ex2.dfy
Dafny-experiences_tmp_tmp150sm9qy_dafny_started_tutorial_dafny_tutorial_exercise_13.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue109.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-731.dfy
test-generation-examples_tmp_tmptwyqofrp_FindAndReplace_dafny_FindAndReplace.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_Deprecation.dfy
QS_BoilerPlate1_tmp_tmpa29vtz9__Ex3.dfy
Dafny_HalloWelt_tmp_tmpww1y_ymn_HalloWelt.dfy
libraries-without-variance_tmp_tmpnnz08zi4_src_BoundedInts.dfy
compiler-bootstrap_tmp_tmp208o525o_test_minimal.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny0_JavaUseRuntimeLib.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_exports_AliasedImportConsistency.dfy
SENG2011_tmp_tmpgk5jq85q_exam_ex6.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-684.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafnydoc_doc4_Test.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug169.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue42.dfy
Dafny-experiences_tmp_tmp150sm9qy_dafny_started_tutorial_dafny_tutorial_exercise_11.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug155.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_dafny_Relations.dfy
specTesting_tmp_tmpueam35lx_correctMaxPredMutation.dfy
ThesisProjects_tmp_tmpo0727pru_modules_NativeTypes.dfy
dafny-duck_tmp_tmplawbgxjo_ex1.dfy
summer-school-2020_tmp_tmpn8nf7zf0_chapter01_demos_demo17-start.dfy
Simulink-To_dafny_tmp_tmpbcuesj2t_Dafny_Equation_calculator.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_while.dfy
ATM-specification_tmp_tmpw8ionpjx_specification.dfy
Dafny_Learning_Experience_tmp_tmpuxvcet_u_week8_12_week11_List.dfy
DafnyCrypto_tmp_tmpfhfy33rx_src_dafny_util_merkle.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_ass1_gcd.dfy
veribetrkv-osdi2020_tmp_tmpra431m8q_docker-hdd_src_veribetrkv-dynamic-frames_lib_Base_MathAxioms.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue39.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue155.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny3_OpaqueTrees.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_autocompletion_basic_var.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue254.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_ints.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_loopprogram_divided.dfy
laboratory_tmp_tmps8ws6mu2_dafny-tutorial_exercise13.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-032a.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue250.dfy
Formal-Verification-Project_tmp_tmp9gmwsmyp_strings2.dfy
veribetrkv-linear_tmp_tmpndh0jw55_build-tests_assume-error.i.dfy
DafnyTour_tmp_tmpm626oix2_Maps.dfy
llm-verified-eval_tmp_tmpd2deqn_i_dafny_2.dfy
Dafny_Verify_tmp_tmphq7j0row_Fine_Tune_Examples_normal_data_prompt_23_x.dfy
summer-school-2020_tmp_tmpn8nf7zf0_chapter06_exercises_network.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug150.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_introducao_ex2.dfy
cs245-verification_tmp_tmp0h_nxhqp_InfiniteLoops_InfiniteLoop_TC.dfy
verification-class_tmp_tmpz9ik148s_2022_project02-sharded-kv-store_exercises_Types.t.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_formatting2.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1164.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_introducao_ex3.dfy
Dafny-experiences_tmp_tmp150sm9qy_prof_arie's_tutorial_lemma _for_add.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-321a.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_expectations_ExpectWithNonStringMessage.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_returns.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_LetExpressionTriggers.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_chapter06-refinement_CommitTypes.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny1_TreeDatatype.dfy
Dafny_Verify_tmp_tmphq7j0row_Test_Cases_Exe_2.dfy
Formal-Verification-Project_tmp_tmp9gmwsmyp_strings1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_wf-checks-use-the-original-quantifier.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Issue09.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_list_list_replicate.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_introducao_ex1.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-286.dfy
libraries-without-variance_tmp_tmpnnz08zi4_src_NonlinearArithmetic_Internals_ModInternalsNonlinear.dfy
Dafny_Learning_Experience_tmp_tmpuxvcet_u_week8_12_week8_UniqueNumberAllocator.dfy
proof-user-study_tmp_tmpzg18ds11_lockserver_types.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_comp_MainMethod.dfy
Dafny_Programs_tmp_tmp99966ew4_dec.dfy
Formal_verification_project_tmp_tmpcrd9m0e1_strings1.dfy
SENG2011_tmp_tmpgk5jq85q_exam_ex1.dfy
Dafny_Learning_Experience_tmp_tmpuxvcet_u_week8_12_week8_CoffeeMaker1.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-330.dfy
Final-Project-Dafny_tmp_tmpmcywuqox_Final Project_3.2_Method_Example.dfy
cs357_tmp_tmpn4fsvwzs_lab7_eg.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1074.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-425.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue235.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_project01-distributed-lock-server_UtilitiesLibrary.dfy
dafny_library_tmp_tmpxv2x82sd_src_NativeTypes.dfy
Dafny_Programs_tmp_tmp99966ew4_decreases_real.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-633.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_TriggerInPredicate.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-849a.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-2.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue22.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_13_moduleFromDefaultScope.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_chapter05-distributed-state-machines_UtilitiesLibrary.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironclad-apps_src_Dafny_Libraries_base.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_git-issues_git-issue-478-good.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-Main1.dfy
metodos-formais_tmp_tmp1t6uahuv_variantes_ack.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_comp_manualcompile_ManualCompile.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-Main0.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Protocol_SHT_Parameters.i.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_terminacao_ex2.dfy
dafny-bugs_tmp_tmp39sn2fhq_java-no-suitable-method_main.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug134.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-3.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_counterExample_postcondition_fullfilled.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug108.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue109.dfy
Correctness_tmp_tmpwqvg5q_4_HoareLogic_GCD1-redo.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_week1_Ex02.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug81.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_github-issue-305-b.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_demos_dafny-internals_01-wp_triple2.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_16_comprehension.dfy
ironpatch_subtaskIII_challenge6_tmp_tmp8s9y21s2_Dafny_Common_Types.s.dfy
vmware-verification-2023_tmp_tmpoou5u54i_chapter01-basics_exercise18.dfy
Dafny-VMC_tmp_tmpzgqv0i1u_src_Math_RealArithmetic.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-354.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_11_modules.dfy
dafny-ci-test_tmp_tmp21zfnsmg_test.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_RuntimeTypeTests0.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue98.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_mutualEx_n_mutualEx_lemma_oninv__1.dfy
DafnyTour_tmp_tmpm626oix2_SplitMaps.dfy
Dafny_Programs_tmp_tmp99966ew4_dec2.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_GoModule.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_18_ctor.dfy
DafnyConsul_tmp_tmp752cnj0k_core_std.dfy
ironpatch_subtaskIII_challenge6_tmp_tmp8s9y21s2_Dafny_Libraries_bases.i.dfy
DafnyExercises_tmp_tmpd6qyevja_Part1_Q3.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug91.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_terminacao_ex1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_verification_include_includee.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_Ackermann.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_Module.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-0.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue2.dfy
Formal-Methods-Project_tmp_tmphh2ar2xv_methodOdd.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Protocol_RSL_ClockReading.i.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue155.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug55.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_week1_Ex01.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug82.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue196.dfy
atm-specification_tmp_tmpz_8dsopy_atm_eject_after_one_op.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_week2_Ex08a.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_arith_linear_sum.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Protocol_Common_UpperBound.s.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-396.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_PrefixSyntax.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Basicos_da_Linguagem_Dafny_ex1.dfy
linear-veribetrkv-artifact_tmp_tmpkx5zfbmz_veribetrkv-linear_lib_Base_SequencesLite.s.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug155.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_examples_MutableMap_MutableMapTrait.dfy
conjuntosDafny_tmp_tmpqc_8o8sh_novoTeste.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-386.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_demos_ch03_nim_v1.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_general_files_test.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_flash_nodata_global_n_flash_nodata_global_base.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_nested-quantifiers-all-get-triggers.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_PreludeModel.dfy
laboratory_tmp_tmps8ws6mu2_dafny-tutorial_exercise2.dfy
DafnyExercises_tmp_tmpd6qyevja_Part3_Numsupport.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug133.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Circ.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_tree_tree_elem.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny3_Zip.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_mesi_n_mesi_lemma_oninv__1.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-755.dfy
dafny_examples_tmp_tmp8qotd4ez_lib_List.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug56.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironclad-apps_src_Dafny_Libraries_Crypto_RandomTracing.s.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Protocol_Common_NodeIdentity.s.dfy
specTesting_tmp_tmpueam35lx_unit_after_mutat_max_correct_impl.dfy
M2_tmp_tmp2laaavvl_Software Verification_Exercices_Exo5-Min2_Min3.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny0_formatting2.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_terminacao_ex4.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-032.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue88.dfy
laboratory_tmp_tmps8ws6mu2_dafny-tutorial_exercise3.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_docs_DafnyRef_examples_Example-TwoState-EtaExample.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_InductionLoop.dfy
test-generation-examples_tmp_tmptwyqofrp_DoublyLinkedList_dafny_Seqs.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_DafnyLib.dfy
dafny-axiomatic-program-verification_tmp_tmp9wujgac6_Homework6.dfy
Dafny_tmp_tmpmvs2dmry_quicksort_preds.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Basicos_da_Linguagem_Dafny_ex2.dfy
DafnyTour_tmp_tmpm626oix2_Seqs.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_JustWarnings.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Common_Logic_Option.i.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafnydoc_doc2_Test.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_Relations.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny2_COST-verif-comp-2011-2-MaxTree-datatype.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue5.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug124.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_autocompletion_parameters.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_basic examples_calc_add.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1105.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug69.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny3_SimpleCoinduction.dfy
DafnyExercises_tmp_tmpd6qyevja_Part1_Q4.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-Main4.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug54.dfy
Dafny_Learning_Experience_tmp_tmpuxvcet_u_week8_12_week12_Tree.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_mesi_n_mesi_lemma_oninv__3.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-757.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_extern.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-6.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_concurrency_old_scache_Constants.i.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Variantes_soma.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_LeastGreatest.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_comp_compile1quiet_CompileRunQuietly.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Common_Collections_Seqs.s.dfy
summer-school-2020_tmp_tmpn8nf7zf0_chapter03_exercises_exercise04.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_irondafny0_opened_workaround.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_proof_scripts_german_n_german_lemma_oninv__47.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Basicos_da_Linguagem_Dafny_ex3.dfy
programming-logic-with-dafny_tmp_tmp0b0blm37_src_educational_imperative_Sorted.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug166.dfy
DafnyCrypto_tmp_tmpfhfy33rx_src_dafny_ccs_vector_commitment.dfy
linear-veribetrkv-artifact_tmp_tmpkx5zfbmz_veribetrkv-dynamic-frames_build-tests_verifies-successfully.i.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_list_list_elem.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue79.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_concurrency_old_scache_Multisets.i.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_lib_Math_div_nonlinear.i.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_12_nestedModules.dfy
verified-bosco_tmp_tmpm5hh8nb0_system_shared_Types.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug71.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_rename_renameWithScopes.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Common_Collections_Multisets.s.dfy
dafny-bundle-closure_tmp_tmpm4hcq3cq_src_bundle-closure_Interface.dfy
Dafny-AoC-template_tmp_tmpc59cq_wd_problems_18_Problem18.dfy
cs5232-csr-dafny-project_tmp_tmp2dgeh51m_matrix.dfy
SiLemma_tmp_tmpfxtryv2w_SeqNatToNat.dfy
dafny-programs_tmp_tmpcwodh6qh_src_increment.dfy
ThesisProjects_tmp_tmpo0727pru_modules_RemixAddresses.dfy
SENG2011_tmp_tmpgk5jq85q_ex1.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Variantes_ackerman.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug129.dfy
M2_tmp_tmp2laaavvl_Software Verification_Exercices_Exo3-SumMaxBackwards.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_hover_hover.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue44.dfy
Final-Project-Dafny_tmp_tmpmcywuqox_Final Project_3.3_Precondition and Postcondition_Example.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_set-construction-is-a-good-trigger.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_JSON_Values.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-276r.dfy
stunning-palm-tree_tmp_tmpr84c2iwh_ch4.dfy
specTesting_tmp_tmpueam35lx_examples_misc_max_example_passing_mutation.dfy
ATM-specification_tmp_tmpw8ionpjx_alarm.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_deadlock_n_deadlock_lemma_oninv__2.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Variantes_coisa.dfy
stunning-palm-tree_tmp_tmpr84c2iwh_ch6.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-611.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Invariantes_fatorial.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_predicateReturnVariable.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-956.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug103.dfy
vmware-verification-2023_tmp_tmpoou5u54i_chapter05-distributed-state-machines_CommitTypes.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny3_SimpleInduction.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpbez22nnn_Aula_3_ex1.dfy
metodos-formais_tmp_tmp1t6uahuv_ex2.dfy
metodos-formais_tmp_tmp1t6uahuv_ex3.dfy
QBFT-protocol_tmp_tmpqr_rfb8f_dafny_spec_L1_types.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue148.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-9.dfy
MFES_2021_tmp_tmpuljn8zd9_PracticalClasses_TP4_2_Person.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_recursion.dfy
cs357_tmp_tmpn4fsvwzs_lab7_question6.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_dafny_Collections_Collections.dfy
dafny-learn_tmp_tmpn94ir40q_R01_methods.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_useless-triggers-are-removed.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_Parser.dfy
stunning-palm-tree_tmp_tmpr84c2iwh_ch3.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_list_list_delete.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-833.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-276b.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue57.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_some-terms-do-not-look-like-the-triggers-they-match.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue158.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue39.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug70.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-864zz.dfy
Invoker_tmp_tmpypx0gs8x_dafny_abstract-interpreter_datastructures_stack.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug63.dfy
verified-betrfs_tmp_tmp3d29cei3_Splinter_DiskTypes.s.dfy
ThesisProjects_tmp_tmpo0727pru_testinglib_dafny_Contract.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug89.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug62.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-588.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_list_list_elemIndex.dfy
Dafny-VMC_tmp_tmpzgqv0i1u_src_Math_NatArith.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug113.dfy
veribetrkv-osdi2020_tmp_tmpra431m8q_docker-hdd_src_veribetrkv-dynamic-frames_lib_Base_Option.s.dfy
DafnyExercises_tmp_tmpd6qyevja_Part4_WFFSupport.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Regression1.dfy
smrt_tmp_tmpnevs6n8z_src_Types.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_Hello.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-276c.dfy
cs357_tmp_tmpn4fsvwzs_lab7_question3.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_SubsetTypes.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-403.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-371.dfy
stunning-palm-tree_tmp_tmpr84c2iwh_ch2.dfy
summer-school-2020_tmp_tmpn8nf7zf0_chapter01_exercises_exercise11.dfy
test-generation-examples_tmp_tmptwyqofrp_TokeneerTestLibExample_dafny_ExternFingerprint.dfy
Dafny_Learning_Experience_tmp_tmpuxvcet_u_week8_12_week10_BoundedQueue.dfy
cs357_tmp_tmpn4fsvwzs_lab7_question1.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-276v.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_project02-sharded-kv-store_Types.t.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug111.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug139.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_consoleio.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1130.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug60.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_ModuleInsertion.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_concurrency_disciplined_common_InputOutputIfc.s.dfy
verified-bitmasks_tmp_tmp67ojhv2p_src_BitFields_Spec_MachineTypes.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug138.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug104.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug110.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue105.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-616.dfy
Simulink-To_dafny_tmp_tmpbcuesj2t_Dafny_if_else_test.dfy
libraries-without-variance_tmp_tmpnnz08zi4_src_NonlinearArithmetic_Internals_MulInternalsNonlinear.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_JSON_Utils_Seq.dfy
program-proofs-book_tmp_tmpdrx5xph0_play.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_generic.dfy
dafny-rope_tmp_tmpl4v_njmy_Utils.dfy
Prog-Fun-Solutions_tmp_tmp7_gmnz5f_mockExam2_p4.dfy
sat-solver-dafny_tmp_tmpgvcuzmh__my_datatypes.dfy
DafnyTour_tmp_tmpm626oix2_bedrock2MMIO.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-895.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue26.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_ackerman.dfy
TFM_tmp_tmpc9eyw2qh_src_tree_layer1_KeyValue.dfy
specTesting_tmp_tmpueam35lx_maxPredMutation.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_basic examples_sumto.dfy
veribetrkv-linear_tmp_tmpndh0jw55_lib_Base_mathematics.i.dfy
Examples-for-Smart-Contract-verification_tmp_tmp3np5tt3l_PrivilegeEscalation_NonNativeTypes.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_Array2dAs1d.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-261.dfy
DafnyCrypto_tmp_tmpfhfy33rx_src_dafny_util_option.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_concurrency_Math_Nonlinear.i.dfy
paxos_proof_tmp_tmpxpmiksmt_lf_Basics.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-274.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_wishlist_granted_useless-casts-in-decreases-clauses.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_let-expressions.dfy
DafnyExample_tmp_tmphj_q4b_i_file1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_old-is-a-special-case-for-triggers.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue75.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_Allocate.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_git-issues_github-issue-305-a.dfy
Simulink-To_dafny_tmp_tmpbcuesj2t_Dafny_celciusToFraha.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_germanish_n_germanish_lemma_oninv__1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue27.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_Math.dfy
ThesisProjects_tmp_tmpo0727pru_modules_Block.dfy
sat-solver-dafny_tmp_tmpgvcuzmh__01-unit-propagation_011-unit-propagation_concerns_seq-predicates.dfy
specTesting_tmp_tmpueam35lx_unit_after_mutat_example37.dfy
Dafny_tmp_tmpv_d3qi10_1_hw.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_ex3.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny0_ReturnTests.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_ex1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_08_unary_ternary.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironclad-apps_src_Dafny_Libraries_Util_relational.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_CSharpStyling.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_CharLiteralParseErrors.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_lib_Base_NativeBenchmarking.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny1_pow2.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_AllLiteralsAxiom.dfy
summer-school-2020_tmp_tmpn8nf7zf0_chapter01_exercises_lib_lunch.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_git-issues_github-issue-305-c.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug148.dfy
Dafny-Exercises_tmp_tmpjm75muf__Session1Exercises_ExercisePredicates2.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny3_Paulson.dfy
Dafny_Learning_Experience_tmp_tmpuxvcet_u_week8_12_week11_map.dfy
DafnyExample_tmp_tmphj_q4b_i_file2.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_algorithms and leetcode_math_transitiveContra.dfy
evm-dafny_tmp_tmp7qokrulp_src_test_dafny_utils.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_week3_Ex04.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_git-issues_github-issue-305-b.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_02_classAccessors.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue18.dfy
Correctness_tmp_tmpwqvg5q_4_HoareLogic_GCD1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_TypeSynonyms.dfy
smrt_tmp_tmpnevs6n8z_src_Refinement.dfy
veribetrkv-linear_tmp_tmpndh0jw55_lib_Base_MathAxioms.s.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug107.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_project02-sharded-kv-store_IMapHelpers.t.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_list_list_stutter.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_ex4.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_BST_bst_find.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug103.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_TypeConversionsCompile.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpbez22nnn_Aula_1_ex2.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_RuntimeTypeTests0.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_mathematical objects verification_examples_hundred_game.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Invariantes_terminacao_ex3.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug159.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_PrintEffects.dfy
specTesting_tmp_tmpueam35lx_unit_after_mutat_max_bad_impl.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_moesi_n_moesi_lemma_oninv__1.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_NullComparisonWarnings.dfy
proof-user-study_tmp_tmpzg18ds11_manhole_manhole.dfy
Software-Verification_tmp_tmpv4ueky2d_Queue_queue.dfy
dafny-bugs_tmp_tmp39sn2fhq_java-bad-type-in-conditional_main.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_week3_Ex01.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_dafny_BoundedInts.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpbez22nnn_Aula_1_ex3.dfy
dafny_projects_tmp_tmpjutqwjv4_busy_beaver_module_approach_turing_machine.dfy
veribetrkv-osdi2020_tmp_tmpra431m8q_docker-hdd_src_veribetrkv-linear_lib_Math_mul_nonlinear.i.dfy
dafny-sandbox_tmp_tmp3tu2bu8a_Imp.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug128.dfy
Software-Verification_tmp_tmpv4ueky2d_Min Stack_min_stack.dfy
TFM_tmp_tmpc9eyw2qh_src_Iterators_Utils.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_const.dfy
dafny-programs_tmp_tmpcwodh6qh_src_rationalnumbers.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_NativeIntExponential.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-289b.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_list_list_append.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue110.dfy
DafnyExercises_tmp_tmpd6qyevja_Part3_Trisupport.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_moesi_n_moesi_lemma_oninv__2.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_mesi_n_mesi_base.dfy
oopsla23-artifact_tmp_tmpobte8jx5_dafnyProofs_stack_stack_pop.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-258.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_JsModule.dfy
vmware-verification-2023_tmp_tmpoou5u54i_chapter02-specification_exercise03.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-701.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue105.dfy
Correctness_tmp_tmpwqvg5q_4_HoareLogic_GCD2-redo.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_week3_Ex02.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_autocompletion_class_empty.dfy
thesis_files_tmp_tmpsg7en_zo_mod_sort.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_ExternCopyFromTrait.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_algorithms and leetcode_math_div10.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1224.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue210.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_general_files_lec1.dfy
