ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-731b.dfy
laboratory_tmp_tmps8ws6mu2_dafny-tutorial_exercise11.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_05_globalScope.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_project02-sharded-kv-store_MessageType.v.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue120.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironclad-apps_src_Dafny_Libraries_Math_power.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_looping-is-hard-to-decide-modulo-equality.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_soma.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_07_if_while.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug142.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_concurrency_old_scache_DiskIO.s.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny0_PrintUTF8.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_coisa.dfy
Invoker_tmp_tmpypx0gs8x_dafny_abstract-interpreter_BoundedInts.dfy
Dafny-experiences_tmp_tmp150sm9qy_dafny_started_tutorial_dafny_tutorial_exercise_13.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Arrays_array.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-731.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_Deprecation.dfy
Dafny_HalloWelt_tmp_tmpww1y_ymn_HalloWelt.dfy
libraries-without-variance_tmp_tmpnnz08zi4_src_BoundedInts.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_examples_map-comprehension.dfy
compiler-bootstrap_tmp_tmp208o525o_test_minimal.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny0_JavaUseRuntimeLib.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_exports_AliasedImportConsistency.dfy
SENG2011_tmp_tmpgk5jq85q_exam_ex6.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-684.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafnydoc_doc4_Test.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug169.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue42.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_docs_DafnyRef_examples_Example-BV2.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug155.dfy
ThesisProjects_tmp_tmpo0727pru_modules_NativeTypes.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_loop-detection-is-not-too-strict.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_while.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue155.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_17_collections.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_autocompletion_basic_var.dfy
Final-Project-Dafny_tmp_tmpmcywuqox_Final Project_3.5_Function_Example.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-032a.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug136.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_ISets.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-897b.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue250.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug150.dfy
dafny_tmp_tmp2ewu6s7x_cubes.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_docs_DafnyRef_examples_Example-Refines1.dfy
verification-class_tmp_tmpz9ik148s_2022_project02-sharded-kv-store_exercises_Types.t.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_formatting2.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_expectations_ExpectWithNonStringMessage.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_returns.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_LetExpressionTriggers.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-327.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_chapter06-refinement_CommitTypes.dfy
laboratory_tmp_tmps8ws6mu2_dafny-tutorial_exercise14.dfy
Formal-Verification-Project_tmp_tmp9gmwsmyp_strings1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_loop-detection-messages--unit-tests.dfy
MetodosFormais_tmp_tmpadn59awk_Arrays_ex4.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-286.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpbez22nnn_Aula_4_ex4.dfy
proof-user-study_tmp_tmpzg18ds11_lockserver_types.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_comp_MainMethod.dfy
Dafny_Programs_tmp_tmp99966ew4_dec.dfy
Formal_verification_project_tmp_tmpcrd9m0e1_strings1.dfy
Final-Project-Dafny_tmp_tmpmcywuqox_Final Project_3.7_Termination_Example.dfy
SENG2011_tmp_tmpgk5jq85q_exam_ex1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_suppressing-warnings-behaves-properly.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-330.dfy
Final-Project-Dafny_tmp_tmpmcywuqox_Final Project_3.2_Method_Example.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_colecoes_conjuntos_ex2.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-425.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_project01-distributed-lock-server_UtilitiesLibrary.dfy
dafny_library_tmp_tmpxv2x82sd_src_NativeTypes.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-633.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Arrays_array_ex.dfy
laboratory_tmp_tmps8ws6mu2_dafny-tutorial_exercise4.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue70.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue120.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-849a.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue22.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_13_moduleFromDefaultScope.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironclad-apps_src_Dafny_Libraries_base.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_git-issues_git-issue-478-good.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_Trait_TraitsMultipleInheritance.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-Main1.dfy
metodos-formais_tmp_tmp1t6uahuv_variantes_ack.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_comp_manualcompile_ManualCompile.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-Main0.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Protocol_SHT_Parameters.i.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_terminacao_ex2.dfy
dafny-bugs_tmp_tmp39sn2fhq_java-no-suitable-method_main.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug120.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug134.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug108.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug81.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_github-issue-305-b.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_16_comprehension.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_Trait_Traits-Fields.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_colecoes_conjuntos_ex3.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_colecoes_conjuntos_ex1.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-354.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_11_modules.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_RuntimeTypeTests0.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue98.dfy
Dafny_Programs_tmp_tmp99966ew4_dec2.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_GoModule.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_18_ctor.dfy
ironpatch_subtaskIII_challenge6_tmp_tmp8s9y21s2_Dafny_Libraries_bases.i.dfy
DafnyExercises_tmp_tmpd6qyevja_Part1_Q3.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_terminacao_ex1.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_Module.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Protocol_RSL_ClockReading.i.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue155.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug82.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_demos_dafny-internals_01-wp_triple1.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Protocol_Common_UpperBound.s.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-396.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_colecoes_sequences_ex1.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_colecoes_conjuntos_ex4.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug155.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-386.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_demos_ch03_nim_v1.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_flash_nodata_global_n_flash_nodata_global_base.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_nested-quantifiers-all-get-triggers.dfy
DafnyExercises_tmp_tmpd6qyevja_Part3_Numsupport.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-4.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-755.dfy
dafny_examples_tmp_tmp8qotd4ez_lib_List.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironclad-apps_src_Dafny_Libraries_Crypto_RandomTracing.s.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Protocol_Common_NodeIdentity.s.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny0_formatting2.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_terminacao_ex4.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-032.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue88.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-5.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_GhostPrint.dfy
dafny-learn_tmp_tmpn94ir40q_R01_termination.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_docs_DafnyRef_examples_Example-TwoState-EtaExample.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Basicos_da_Linguagem_Dafny_ex2.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_JustWarnings.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironfleet_src_Dafny_Distributed_Common_Logic_Option.i.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafnydoc_doc2_Test.dfy
Dafny_Programs_tmp_tmp99966ew4_indiscrim.dfy
DafnyProjects_tmp_tmp2acw_s4s_fact.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-7.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_autocompletion_parameters.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1105.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_redundancy-detection-is-bidirectional.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-Main4.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug68.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-757.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_extern.dfy
TFG_tmp_tmpbvsao41w_Algoritmos Dafny_ordenacion_seleccion.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_concurrency_old_scache_Constants.i.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Variantes_soma.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_comp_compile1quiet_CompileRunQuietly.dfy
programming-logic-with-dafny_tmp_tmp0b0blm37_src_educational_imperative_Sorted.dfy
Final-Project-Dafny_tmp_tmpmcywuqox_Final Project_3.6_Loop Invariant_Example.dfy
dafny-workout_tmp_tmp0abkw6f8_starter_ex04.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue79.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_12_nestedModules.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue176.dfy
verified-bosco_tmp_tmpm5hh8nb0_system_shared_Types.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_rename_renameWithScopes.dfy
Dafny-AoC-template_tmp_tmpc59cq_wd_problems_18_Problem18.dfy
SiLemma_tmp_tmpfxtryv2w_SeqNatToNat.dfy
ThesisProjects_tmp_tmpo0727pru_modules_RemixAddresses.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Variantes_ackerman.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug129.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-283f.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_hover_hover.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue44.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_JSON_Values.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-276r.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_algorithms and leetcode_math_Blyth.dfy
Dafny_tmp_tmp0wu8wmfr_tests_F2.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Variantes_coisa.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_constructors-cause-matching-loops.dfy
Dafny_Verify_tmp_tmphq7j0row_dataset_C_convert_examples_05_x.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-611.dfy
vmware-verification-2023_tmp_tmpoou5u54i_chapter05-distributed-state-machines_CommitTypes.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug99.dfy
QBFT-protocol_tmp_tmpqr_rfb8f_dafny_spec_L1_types.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug67.dfy
Dafny_Exercises_tmp_tmp_qv3vzum_ex-9.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_recursion.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_dafny_Collections_Collections.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_Parser.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue206.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-833.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-276b.dfy
dafny-exercise_tmp_tmpouftptir_square.dfy
Programmverifikation-und-synthese_tmp_tmppurk6ime_example_DafnyIntro_01_Assignments.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_some-terms-do-not-look-like-the-triggers-they-match.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue158.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug70.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-864zz.dfy
Dafny-experiences_tmp_tmp150sm9qy_dafny_started_tutorial_dafny_tutorial_exercise_4.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug63.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-588.dfy
Dafny-VMC_tmp_tmpzgqv0i1u_src_Math_NatArith.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug113.dfy
DafnyExercises_tmp_tmpd6qyevja_Part4_WFFSupport.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Regression1.dfy
smrt_tmp_tmpnevs6n8z_src_Types.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_Hello.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-276c.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_SubsetTypes.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-403.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-371.dfy
summer-school-2020_tmp_tmpn8nf7zf0_chapter01_exercises_exercise11.dfy
test-generation-examples_tmp_tmptwyqofrp_TokeneerTestLibExample_dafny_ExternFingerprint.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1093.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-276v.dfy
protocol-verification-fa2023_tmp_tmpw6hy3mjp_exercises_project02-sharded-kv-store_Types.t.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-950.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug111.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_exports_DecreasesExports.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug139.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_advanced examples_consoleio.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug60.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_ModuleInsertion.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_concurrency_disciplined_common_InputOutputIfc.s.dfy
verified-bitmasks_tmp_tmp67ojhv2p_src_BitFields_Spec_MachineTypes.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug138.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug104.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue105.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug99.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-616.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_generic.dfy
Prog-Fun-Solutions_tmp_tmp7_gmnz5f_mockExam2_p4.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-659.dfy
sat-solver-dafny_tmp_tmpgvcuzmh__my_datatypes.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_ackerman.dfy
TFM_tmp_tmpc9eyw2qh_src_tree_layer1_KeyValue.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Multiconjuntos_basicoConjunto.dfy
Examples-for-Smart-Contract-verification_tmp_tmp3np5tt3l_PrivilegeEscalation_NonNativeTypes.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-261.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-274.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_wishlist_granted_useless-casts-in-decreases-clauses.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_let-expressions.dfy
DafnyExample_tmp_tmphj_q4b_i_file1.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue75.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_git-issues_github-issue-305-a.dfy
ThesisProjects_tmp_tmpo0727pru_modules_Block.dfy
sat-solver-dafny_tmp_tmpgvcuzmh__01-unit-propagation_011-unit-propagation_concerns_seq-predicates.dfy
Dafny_tmp_tmpv_d3qi10_1_hw.dfy
FormalMethods_tmp_tmpvda2r3_o_dafny_ex3.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_08_unary_ternary.dfy
repo-8967-Ironclad_tmp_tmp4q25en_1_ironclad-apps_src_Dafny_Libraries_Util_relational.s.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_CSharpStyling.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_CharLiteralParseErrors.dfy
iron-sync_tmp_tmps49o3tyz_lib_Base_NativeBenchmarking.s.dfy
summer-school-2020_tmp_tmpn8nf7zf0_chapter01_exercises_lib_lunch.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_git-issues_github-issue-305-c.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_Bug148.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Sequencias_sequencias.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-505.dfy
DafnyExample_tmp_tmphj_q4b_i_file2.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_git-issues_github-issue-305-b.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_symbolTable_02_classAccessors.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue18.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_TypeSynonyms.dfy
smrt_tmp_tmpnevs6n8z_src_Refinement.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_Bug107.dfy
se2011_tmp_tmp71eb82zt_ass1_ex5.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_TypeConversionsCompile.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-864rr.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_RuntimeTypeTests0.dfy
metodosFormais_tmp_tmp4q2kmya4_T1-MetodosFormais_examples_dafny-multiconjuntos_permutacao.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Invariantes_terminacao_ex3.dfy
DafnyProjects_tmp_tmp2acw_s4s_fibonacci.dfy
metodosFormais_tmp_tmp4q2kmya4_T1-MetodosFormais_examples_dafny-multiconjuntos_ex1.dfy
Formal-methods-of-software-development_tmp_tmppryvbyty_Apuntes_sequences.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1150.dfy
dafl_tmp_tmp_r3_8w3y_dafny_examples_dafny0_NullComparisonWarnings.dfy
proof-user-study_tmp_tmpzg18ds11_manhole_manhole.dfy
metodosFormais_tmp_tmp4q2kmya4_T1-MetodosFormais_examples_dafny-seq_ex1.dfy
dafny-bugs_tmp_tmp39sn2fhq_java-bad-type-in-conditional_main.dfy
libraries_tmp_tmp9gegwhqj_src_dafny_BoundedInts.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpbez22nnn_Aula_1_ex3.dfy
dafny_projects_tmp_tmpjutqwjv4_busy_beaver_module_approach_turing_machine.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_c++_const.dfy
t1_MF_tmp_tmpi_sqie4j_exemplos_colecoes_arrays_ex2.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-289b.dfy
metodosFormais_tmp_tmp4q2kmya4_T1-MetodosFormais_examples_dafny-multiconjuntos_ex2.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-401a.dfy
paraverif_dafny_tmp_tmp6qfzyf5b_examples_n_mesi_n_mesi_base.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-258.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_comp_JsModule.dfy
metodosFormais_tmp_tmp4q2kmya4_T1-MetodosFormais_examples_dafny-seq_ex2.dfy
Metodos_Formais_tmp_tmpql2hwcsh_Sequencias_exemplo1.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-701.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_triggers_regression-tests.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny4_git-issue105.dfy
csse3100_tmp_tmp028tn7n4_week3_Ex02.dfy
metodosFormais_tmp_tmp4q2kmya4_T1-MetodosFormais_examples_dafny-multiconjuntos_ex3.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_LanguageServerTest_DafnyFiles_autocompletion_class_empty.dfy
dafny-language-server_tmp_tmpkir0kenl_Test_dafny0_ExternCopyFromTrait.dfy
ironsync-osdi2023_tmp_tmpx80antoe_linear-dafny_Test_git-issues_git-issue-1224.dfy
Program-Verification-Dataset_tmp_tmpgbdrlnu__Dafny_from dafny main repo_dafny4_git-issue210.dfy
